Add mention about `Global OID reference database` to `NDM Data Collected` page (#12664)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_monitoring/devices/data.md

## Metrics

Network Device Monitoring submits specified metrics under the `snmp.*` namespace. The metrics collected are determined by the `[configured profile]`.

> If metrics you want is not on the following list, you can search OID and its name from [Global OID reference database](http://oidref.com/) and add your profiles.

Reviewer: Add reference link to the bottom of the page:
`[1]: http://oidref.com`
```suggestion
If the metrics you want are not in the following list, search for the OID and name from the [Global OID reference database][1] to add to your profiles.
```

Author: Thank you for your review!
Fixed https://github.com/DataDog/documentation/pull/12664/commits/b00cbf9aade9a536d1d745b5505f1e078e55b412
